# CS-360-Mobile-Dev

-The purpose of this app is to help them keep track of weight changes as they work towards a set weight goal using daily entries. This app has user profiles including username and passwords for log in, an entry to set a weight goal, and an editable table to display, add, delete, or edit entries that include the date and the associated date.
-A successful design for such an app would have clearly displayed information, easy to use buttons and features, and be naturally intuitive. The app successfully does this by having easy to read fonts and designs, no unnecessary clutter, and user-friendly buttons designed and located where one would expect. 
-Coding and testing were completed in similar fashions. I take a trial-and-error style to design, so I am frequently testing each function as I create them, followed by one final, full program testing session. I find the instant and frequent testing during design helpful so that my mind is already familiar with the tested parts. This means I code slower, but I need fewer passes through the program. 
-I had to innovate almost immediately with this project. Not only was this my first time delving into mobile programming, but it was also my first time playing with android devices. I had almost no experience with android devices including their UIs which I had to remedy with research. 
-I was proud of my UI design and implementation. I had an idea in my head of what I wanted to create and how it would look and flow, and thanks to the easy to use Android studio, I was able to carve that idea out. 
